Wording changes (16 Jul 2024 ClearBank Changes) (#4)
clearbank/ozoneapi-dev-ui-portal: docs/API Overview/ais.md

[Accounts API](/perry/developer/documentation?resource=ukhub-clrb-portal&document=swagger/account-info-openapi.yaml#operations-tag-Accounts)

> Clear Bank  members will have one or more of the following accounts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ClearBank members will have one or more of the following accounts:
```

- ClearBank Operating Account
- Customer Segregated Account
- Bare Trust Account
- Client Money Account
- Multi-Currency Account
- Safeguarding Account

## Balance
The [Balances API](/perry/developer/documentation?resource=ukhub-clrb-portal&document=swagger/account-info-openapi.yaml#operations-tag-Balances) endpoint shows the account balance value. 

> `InterimAvailable` balance is the value displayed most widely to our members within the Clear Bank  apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`InterimAvailable` balance is the value displayed most widely to our members within the ClearBank apps.
```
